(6 am)
(After 3 hours of driving...)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / yyxy - dal segno"
(They arrived at the old and vintage building located in the suburb of Hungary!)
(Yves walking without shoes...!)
Yves: My feet are getting dirty~
Yves: The director did it for me by hands.
Yves: My feet are acting~
'Raise your toes'
(Right, her feet are really acting!)
(yyxy selfie time!)
(And capture time!)
Yves: What is this?
Yves: Is this a visitor's book?
Yves: Shall I write down?
Go Won: Yes!
(LOOΠΔ / y)
(LOOΠΔ / yy)
(LOOΠΔ / yyx)
(LOOΠΔ / yyxy)
(LOOΠΔ / yyxy❤)
Yves: If you come to here someday
Yves: Makse sure to see this signature we just wrote.
Yves: Then you will be happy!
Chuu: And take a proof shot!
Yves: Right, than we will give
Chuu: Our snacks...!
Yves: Our love through a draw!
(Come to Hungary and take yyxy's love!)